auth: enforce minimum password length (#8148)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Added a setting `search.hideSuggestions`, which when set to `true`, will hide search suggestions in the search bar.
- An experimental tool [src-expose](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/external_service/other#experimental-src-expose) to import code from any code host.
- Experimental: Added new field `certificates` as in `{ "experimentalFeatures" { "tls.external": { "certificates": ["<CERT>"] } } }`. This allows you to add certificates to trust when communicating with a code host (via API or git+http). We expect this to be useful for adding internal certificate authorities/self-signed certificates. [#71](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/71)

> - New site configuration option `{ "auth.minPasswordLength": 12 }` to enforce minimum password length when user sign up and change password.

Reviewer: How about this? (I just copied the phrasing from the other changelog entry four lines above)

```suggestion
- Added a setting `auth.minPasswordLength`, which when set, causes a minimum password length to be enforced when users sign up or change passwords. #7521](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/7521)
```

Author: Sounds better! 

We really need a formula (good examples of each kind) for CHANGELOG entries.
